this video is sponsored by predator
gaming alright so last week I did an
interesting little experiment that I've
wanted to do for a while now and it's
pretty crazy how it all turned out all I
did was give a gaming PC to a console
player to see if switching platforms
would affect their rocket League rank
now the goal of this video is not to
make console players look bad in fact it
kind of does the opposite PC players
have it easier and smoother with higher
frame rates and much lower input lag
among other quality of life advantages I
know firsthand from experience what it's
like on multiple platforms going from
Xbox to PC myself this whole idea came
from a giveaway I did three weeks ago
where I received this laptop from
predator gaming and decided instead of
keeping it to give it away to a fan when
I saw the winner was an Xbox player I
realized this was the perfect time to
finally put my experiment into action so
what kind of upgrade would this be for a
console player I'm glad you asked the
predator Helios 300 is a monster 6 chord
9th gen Intel Core i7 processor geforce
r-tx graphics card and key for rocket
league a 3 millisecond 144 hertz refresh
rate display so with those specs this
thing would be the perfect mid-range PC
upgrade where you'd see a significant
buffer performance from a console you
also have the portability factor that of
course comes with a laptop needless to
say our winner has been pretty happy
with it so far
learn more about the Helios 300 by
clicking the link in the description and
I want to thank our sponsor predator
gaming for making this all happen in the
first place by sending it to me so
thanks
but I still had one big question marking
all of this with the winner be cool with
being my guinea pig for this experiment
well it turns out he's actually a great
kid in general and was totally on board
with helping me out I'm so bad I'll go
easy I'll go easy I think my mechanics
are all right it's just my rotation is
horrible
yeah that's pretty common I kind of go
for it you sound like a rocket Eclair
that was the voice of Jack his starting
rank in doubles on xbox was platinum 3
so first things first I showed him a few
tricks to max out performance and
training on his new PC Oh
it's why you didn't frame isn't it crazy
so like you don't really notice it until
you go back this is why pros when you
watch them stream it looks crappy
because they have everything on
performance if you can get that little
bit more responsiveness and you know why
not an able goalscoring to have that
disabled ah now okay so disable that if
you enable the goal blocker and then
click goal blocker editor you can create
your own little like obstacles for the
net oh it'll only go in if I make it
there yeah that's sick use the d-pad and
you can scroll through the playlist no
I'm right it's so much better than that
why isn't this in rocket yeah right the
only question now was how much could he
rank up in just one week probably
diamond one maybe I'm into what that's
all you think yeah you think we can only
go up like one rank I mean unless you
carry me yeah I'm not gonna carry you I
want I want you to earn it do you
realize how much training I just told
you to do the training I told him to do
was a collection of kempert training
packs and free play it basically oh my
god you can do workshop maps for the
first time oh yeah those like where like
people build them yeah oh we're doing a
workshop map I already hate this sounds
like someone that can't dribble if you
go beyond the hour day you do like two
or three hours a day of training I feel
like I don't know a week is pretty short
maybe you're right
maybe there's no more I think about it
over the next few days he updated me on
his progress beyond both of our
expectations he began to move up through
diamond before we knew it a week had
passed and it was time to check in on my
young protégé you said you're reformed
out you're not a toxic anymore nope that
sure
sometimes depends if my teammates are
bad but that's not reformed at all jack
well it's like 1 in 10 what it used to
be said every every used to be toxic
every game yeah Wow ok so baby steps I
guess so much to my disbelief right
before we recorded this Jack actually
hit champ 1 then he lost five games in a
row is back in diamond 3 I wanted to get
him back to champ but I knew it'd be
really hard since it was the beginning
of the season and rocket leagues
matchmaking would essentially pair us
with two opponents of my rank
so he'd really be going up against
players two or three ranks higher than
his highest rank ever it'd be a major
challenge for us but I was confident he
had improved enough to hold his own
here's how it went
I'm ready to see how you've improved on
the ranked pitch not that different it's
not that different it's like four ranks
doesn't mean I've changed it kind of
does maybe I just hired bad people to
lose hahahah sauce scam I think you'd be
surprised how much better you are but
we'll see
close Daniel Andrew Stanton thinking
back taking all the boosts he's right
behind you
let's try to pinch it just I went all
the way around I think there everybody
starved something tells me oh shoot I'm
playing extra bad shadow him so I'll get
back we were off to a rough start but
despite the few mistakes I could already
tell Jack had improved a ton from the
last time we had played easy we got
these guys not even a little bit scared
of these guys
easy where's his defense stay with it
not my pian again that's my only goal I
need points
yeah the points are important to get
high-fives vetted again hey dude we
should try to get a high-five I don't
think I've ever got one they're kind of
hard I've gotten to with my friend or
like he got them right yeah it's hard to
hit I think it's a bug all right yeah I
was talking to my dad I told him I was
going pro in rocket League and he asked
if you're a pro you told him I was a pro
right yeah okay good actually I didn't
really answer you're just like stupid
question dad I think I'm going prone
rocket League and then he was like like
sunless Khan you know so what do you
think about the fact that you want a
laptop was he like impressed he didn't
care until I got it he thought his fame
yeah that's how I was gonna say I was
like there's no way your dad thinks this
is actually real until you get the
laptop cuz I remember once when I was in
high school I won a TV I was like dad I
won this 50 inch HDTV and he was like
all right cool son she actually get it
yeah it was real
it was like a video contest that I won
you know this huge box came in the mail
he's like Jarrod I'm not gonna lie I
didn't quite believe that you actually
wanted till I saw it sitting in my
living room we're gonna win again yeah
that's what I'm talking about there's
the confidence some elite PC gamer
confidence
nice Bob the play is all play special
edit for the subway
oh yeah it's to on yeah
I was sick
nice shot jack Wow look at my prodigy I
am so proud hitting those open nets see
I can't open up that's far away that's a
little farther
what I'm lagging lagging yeah I have no
idea where anything is
I just disconnect no wait
yeah we're we're good okay I'm going for
the play I missed him that went well
I can't tell if what happening on my
screen is real or not it is okay I'm
pretty sure what's happening oh nice
challenge oh I shot remember what I said
about season 13 GCSE I'm lagging again
me too but they forfeited oh the replay
is it going in slow motion oh yes we won
this is the most stuffed lobby I've ever
seen
there's no end there's no uh just
looking at the screen like the replay
but it said we won can't take that win
away from us I've also noticed I load
into a game so fast yeah whenever we
play with console players it's like ten
seconds
oh that's interesting
no problem like they were thinking the
demo but it's open yes always loved em
open nets oh I was very close to I'm
going okay oh oh that we're gonna see
nutty a nutty look mom I'm oh man that's
a sentence should good fake patience
you hit it harder when you wait for it
hmm I didn't know that yeah he did cuz
that's what you said in your video for
the champ - oh yeah it's true
forgot I said that well what man you
surprised the heck he on me my bad you
got me
kind of chasing here cut you off
they shot bar down pads
oh is that toxic Jack coming through
good the other team passed it to you no
you passed it okay that's a Boomer come
back
nice save
here we go ot clutch time oops guess is
where boys become men in OT that's no
problem try get back
nice
yes oh he's mad mad cuz bad - season 13
GCS good thing they suck might as well
have a title that says free win this
guy's chasing horde what he thinks he's
doing what are you doing just get out of
my way we win I got kind of scared
thought he's gonna have that I sensed
your fear
oh oh I immediately got him back but the
other guy who was there - we can punish
their chases they both over there can't
really try and make quick chat you're
like by like using grammar when you type
sometime I did this thing a long time
ago like what do you mean I think I get
spammed what a shame and then I just
like type toxic exclamation point and
like make it look like a quick chat just
because you capitalize it and use an
exclamation mark yeah no I can't say I'd
go through that much effort hold my beer
wow he's not even old enough to drink
you know how to use that quick chat hold
my Capri side much better hold my milk
it's two on one oh geez
I didn't want to put the pressure on you
but I also didn't want to sugarcoat it
you were basically screwed keep getting
destroyed on the kickoffs yeah I was
gonna say that but I don't really know
much about kickoffs myself so I can't
really help you
mm-hmm I'm a great coach
that was scared that's clear confident
confident oh I just owned them both
oh great bump let's go oh that's a good
clear got some time and a good pass oh
he doesn't need time holiday quit you
gone Wow
I told you have time you're like no I
have a goal I have goal goal
I have dream sir you are a verified
champ one 100% despite what you said you
had definitely improved I could see the
mechanics in the back wall I see the
clears the defense is there nice work
Thanks any last words any shoutouts Nick
bell pepper Sam Wow all the people
aren't you gonna shout out to the frame
rates
shout out to 250 frames our Lord and
Savior all right okay yeah I'm never
gonna talk to you again now that I use
you for a video probably most people
like hitting one month later
if you hit GC we will do another video
all right bye forever
[Music]
[Applause]